a Jack Russell Terrier named max lives
with his owner Katy in a Manhattan
apartment while she is at work during
the day he hangs out with other pets in
the building a tabby cat named Chloe a
pug named Mel a dashing named buddy and
a bird named Sweet Pea one day
Katy adopts Duke a large Newfoundland
mix from the pound
leaving max jealous because of her
divided focus on Duke enraged by Max's
attitude towards him Duke tries to
abandon Max in an alley but they are
both attacked by cats led by Sphinx cat
Ozone who removes both dogs colors and
leaves them to be caught by animal
control
Duke fears that he will be killed if he
goes back to the pound when gidget a
white Pomeranian who was not so secretly
in love with max discovers that he is
missing she decides to find him Max and
Duke are rescued by a white rabbit named
snowball the leader of the flushed pets
a gang of feral sewer-dwelling animals
who hate humans because their owners
mistreated and abandoned them after Max
and Duke pretend to despise humans as
much as they do by saying they killed
their owners the flushed pets invite
them to join before they can prove their
loyalty by allowing a one Fang Viper to
bite them snowball learns from the cats
that max and Duke are tamed the two dogs
escaped the sewers and board a ferry to
Brooklyn inadvertently killing the Viper
in the process
snowball vows to kill them and leads the
flush pets after them meanwhile Gidget
recruits a red-tailed hawk named
Tiberius to find max but he mistakenly
locates Ozone whom Gidget coerces into
telling what he knows about the dogs
they then enlist Mel buddy Chloe a
guinea pig named Norman and sweet Pete
on the way they meet pops an old basset
hound who helps Gidget and the pets find
max Gidget and her team encounters
snowball who vows to kill them as well
and Norman is captured as the rest of
digit steam flees in the meantime max
and Duke raid a sausage factory for food
while there Luke tells max about his
previous owner Fred an elderly man who
adopted him as a puppy and loved
spending time with him one day Duke got
lost while chasing a butterfly and was
caught by Animal Control the Fred never
came to claim him max convinces him to
visit Fred's house in a nearby
neighborhood confident Fred will still
love
and take him back when they arrived at
Fred's house they learned from the
resident cat Reginald that fred has died
heartbroken Duke accuses max of
attempting to get rid of him and barks
at the new homeowners who have just
returned to the house and called animal
control the handlers catch max but Duke
interferes long enough for max to escape
and ends up being captured instead while
trying to rescue Duke as he follows the
animal control van Max is attacked by
snowball who tries to kill him however
when his gang is captured snowball
realizes that he and Max must work
together to rescue them they drive a
city bus into the van on the Brooklyn
Bridge stopping traffic the flushed pets
and circle max unaware of his
partnership with snowball but Gidget and
her team save him upon seeing Gidget
using her kung-fu fighting skills max
starts to fall in love with her the van
gets stuck in scaffolding and the
flushed pets escape as soon as max gets
the keys to duke's cage the van plummets
into the East River with him inside max
is unable to free Duke
so snowball jumps into the river to
retrieve the keys allowing them to
escape the sinking van the entire group
returns to the apartment block by pig
driven taxi max expresses his love for
Gidget who returns his affection
snowball and the flush pets then come up
with a new plan to annihilate all humans
but a little girl named Molly arrives
and adopts snowball and the remaining
flush pets return to the sewers at first
snowball resists but gives in and lets
himself become a domesticated pet the
other pets returned to their homes and
embraced their owners and max and Duke
finally reunite with Katie speaking a
true friendship as brothers in a
post-credits scene buddy and mal show up
in costume at a party hosted by a poodle
named Leonard
Leonard's owner returns and a pig named
tattoo crashes to the floor on the
chandelier
[Music]